In this video, we're going to take a look at some alternate forms of syntax around annotations for
functions.
So underneath my two functions I already have, I'm going to define another one called Divide, and
you'll notice I'm going to use the keyword function right here.
So how do we use these annotations with a function defined with the function keyword?
Well, basically the exact same way.
So we'll have two arguments.
A and B, and we need to annotate both them.
So we'll say A is going to be A number and B is going to be a number as well.
Then to annotate the return type of this, again, right after the argument list, we'll put in a colon
and then the type of value we expect to return.
Then we can return.
A divided baby like so.
Now this syntax is going to also work for anonymous functions assigned to variables too.
So I could say const multiply.
Will be a function.
This will take two arguments of A and B, once again, both numbers.
And again, right after that argument list, we can annotate the return type as well.
And so then inside the function A times B like so.
And that's pretty much it.
So any time that we need to define a function using an arrow, a named function, or an anonymous function
assigned to a variable, we're always going to see a near identical form of syntax.
It's always going to be the arguments with the colon and then the expected type.
And then immediately after the closing parentheses, we will do another colon and the expected type
of the return value from the function.
And that's pretty much it.
Get a quick pause here and we'll talk about one less thing in the next video.